Now to get started I again have teh app running on an android and an Iowa simulator.
It's my default starting app and again attached you find debt starting Project which you can work with.
You have to same starting setup as I do.
For me it's Justin you React Native project created with Expo and this is the project will build upon.
Now the important question of course is which kind of app do we build here what is the goal of this
module in this module we're going to build an application where I want to have a little header at the
top so a little bar at the top which simply displays the title which is guess a number because we'll
build an application where you enter a number in the computer the app will try to guess it and therefore
we'll have a starting screen where you have input for your number which the user of the app can enter
and then of course will have two buttons basically a confirmed button here and a reset button here.
So two buttons that allow us to control that input then a button to basically start the game.
So once you chose a number which basically loads a different screen you could say which still has our
title at the top but where now the computer will output I guess let's say 63 initially.
So that's guests from the computer which you kind of output in a nice way here and then you have to
tell whatever the actual number is lower or greater than what the computer a guest here.
So you've got two buttons to control this.
We want to show an alert if you give the user a wrong hint.
So if your number is lower and you say greater then I want to show an alert where we say something like
Don't cheat anything like that.
So little check in there and one stick of Utah guessed the right number.
So once the game is over basically we'll have a game over screen here where we say something like game
over where I then went to output a image here maybe such around that image like I like it some some
goal image a summit something like this and below that will output some info text like the computer
guessed your number 15 in 10 guesses.
So basically a summary and also a button to basically restart and play on you round with a new number.
So the nice thing about this application is that was it of course isn't overly complex.
There aren't tens of thousands of screens involved but while it's status the case we have a lot of different
components which we also can style and layout we use the image we'll use our own custom funds and we
have also quite a bit of business logic in there to control the guessing to check whether the correct
number was guessed and so on so it's a really nice app a real nice second step which will make sure
that all the basics are super clear and set after this module so that you are more than well-prepared
for more advanced applications after this great application here.